Adds AWS cloud target discovery documentation (#1551)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/infrastructure/deployment-targets/amazon-ecs-cluster-target.md

Refer to the [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/create_cluster.html) for detailed instructions on how to provision a new ECS cluster.
:::

:::hint

> From version 2022.2 Octopus can discover ECS Cluster targets using tags on your cluster resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From **Octopus 2022.2**, ECS Cluster targets can be discovered using tags on your cluster resource.
```
